<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.5-Based Variant V1.1//EN"
"dtd/kdedbx45.dtd" [
<!ENTITY package "ktoshiba">
<!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->
]>

<article id="kcm_ktoshiba" lang="&language;">
<articleinfo>
<title>KToshiba System Settings</title>
<authorgroup>
<author>
<personname><firstname>Azael</firstname>
<surname>Avalos</surname>
</personname>
<email>coproscefalo@gmail.com</email>
</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup>

<copyright>
<year>2016</year>
<holder>Azael Avalos</holder>
</copyright>

<date>2016-03-14</date>
<releaseinfo>KToshiba 5.3</releaseinfo>

<abstract>
<para>This module allows you to configure your Toshiba laptop related hardware
like TouchPad, Accelerometer, Keyboard backlight, Sleep Utilities and more.</para>
</abstract>

<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>System Settings</keyword>
<keyword>KToshiba</keyword>
<keyword>Accelerometer</keyword>
<keyword>HDD Protection</keyword>
<keyword>Keyboard Backlight</keyword>
<keyword>Sleep Utilities</keyword>
<keyword>Boot Settings</keyword>
<keyword>Hardware</keyword>
</keywordset>
</articleinfo>

<section id="introduction">
<title>Introduction</title>

<para>The KToshiba System Settings module allows you to configure your Toshiba laptop related hardware.
</para>

<para>This module is divided into several tabs:
</para>
<itemizedlist>
<listitem><para><xref linkend="system-information"/></para></listitem>
<listitem><para><xref linkend="general-settings"/></para></listitem>
<listitem><para><xref linkend="hdd-protection"/></para></listitem>
<listitem><para><xref linkend="sleep-utilities"/></para></listitem>
<listitem><para><xref linkend="keyboard-settings"/></para></listitem>
<listitem><para><xref linkend="boot-settings"/></para></listitem>
<listitem><para><xref linkend="power-save"/></para></listitem>
</itemizedlist>

<para>There are several options that need to restart the laptop in order to take effect,
for this, a message is shown as a reminder.</para>

<note><para>If an item is greyed out, it means that the laptop does not have support for such feature.</para></note>
</section>

<section id="system-information" xreflabel="System Information">
<title>System Information</title>

<para>This tab shows some useful information about the laptop
and the current toshiba_acpi driver version currently installed.
</para>
</section>

<section id="general-settings" xreflabel="General Settings">
<title>General Settings</title>

<para>This tab lets you toggle certain general hardware features.
</para>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Internal Pointing Device</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Toggle this checkbox to (de)activate the internal TouchPad and TrackPad (if available).
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Built In LAN</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Toggle this checkbox to (de)activate the built in LAN port.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>USB Settings</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Here you can toggle several USB related settings.
</para>
<variablelist>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>USB Rapid Charge</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Toggle this checkbox to (de)activate the USB port rapid charge feature when the laptop is connected to AC.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>USB 3</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Toggle this checkbox to (de)activate the USB 3 functionality.
</para>
<tip><para>When disabled, the USB port(s) will act as regular USB 2.</para></tip>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>USB Legacy Emulation</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Toggle this checkbox to (de)activate the USB legacy emulation feature.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Power On Display</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Select which display to use at power on.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</section>

<section id="hdd-protection" xreflabel="HDD Protection">
<title>HDD Protection</title>

<para>This tab lets you configure the accelerometer features (if available).
</para>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>HDD Protection</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Toggle this checkbox to (de)activate the HDD protection monitoring.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>HDD Protection Notification</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Toggle this checkbox to (de)activate the HDD protection notification.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>HDD Protection Level</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Set this slider to the desired protection level, supported levels are: Off, Low, Medium, High.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</section>

<section id="sleep-utilities" xreflabel="Sleep Utilities">
<title>Sleep Utilities</title>

<para>This tab lets you configure the sleep utilities features (if available).
</para>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Sleep and Music</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Toggle this checkbox to (de)activate the sleep and music feature.
</para>
<tip><para>When active, the laptop speakers remain powered and the line-in jack is used to connect an external device
to use the laptop speakers when the computer is asleep or turned off.</para></tip>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>USB Sleep and Charge</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Select which sleep and charge mode to use to charge the devices via the USB port.
</para>
<note><para>The sleep and charge modes available are dependant on the laptop model.</para></note>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Sleep Utilities under battery</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Toggle this checkbox to (de)activate the sleep utilities when the computer is asleep or turned off.
</para>
<tip><para>When active, the sleep functions can be used when the laptop is not connected,
otherwise, the AC power cord must be connected at all times.</para></tip>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Battery Level</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Set the slider to the desired battery level at which the sleep functions will be disabled.
</para>

<tip><para>This slider will only be available when the <guilabel>Sleep utilities under battery</guilabel>
is checked.</para></tip>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</section>

<section id="keyboard-settings" xreflabel="Keyboard Settings">
<title>Keyboard Settings</title>

<para>This tab lets you configure keyboard related features.
</para>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Function Keys mode</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Select how the Function (FN) keys operate, the current modes are:
</para>

<para>Normal: The <keycombo><keycap>F{1-12}</keycap></keycombo> keys are as usual and the hotkeys are accessed via
<keycombo><keycap>FN</keycap><keycap>F{1-12}</keycap></keycombo>.
Function: The <keycombo><keycap>F{1-12}</keycap></keycombo> keys trigger the hotkey and the
<keycombo><keycap>F{1-12}</keycap></keycombo> keys are accessed via <keycombo><keycap>FNF{1-12}</keycap></keycombo>.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Keyboard Backlight</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>This lets you configure the keyboard backlight features (if available).
</para>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Keyboard Backlight mode</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Select the keyboard backlight mode to use.
</para>

<para>Depending on the laptop model, there can be two (1st gen) or three (2nd gen) modes available:</para>

<para><literallayout>FN-Z: User toggles the keyboard backlight on/off when the <keycombo><keycap>FN</keycap><keycap>Z</keycap></keycombo> function key is pressed.
TIMER: The keyboard backlight turns off automatically after the last keypress.
ON: The keyboard backlight is turned on permanently.
OFF: The keyboard backlight is turned off permanently.
</literallayout>
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Keyboard Backlight timeout</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Set the slider to the desired time at wich the keyboard backlight will be turned off after the last keypress.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</section>

<section id="boot-settings" xreflabel="Boot Settings">
<title>Boot Settings</title>

<para>This tab lets you configure different boot settings features.
</para>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Boot Speed</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Select the desired boot speed, the available modes are:
Normal and Fast.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Boot Devices</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>This shows you the different devices available on your laptop to select a boot order.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Panel Power ON</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Toggle this checkbox to (de)activate the panel power on feature.
</para>

<tip><para>When active, this turns on your laptop whenever the LID is openned.</para></tip>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Wake on Keyboard (WOK)</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Toggle this checkbox to (de)activate the wake on keayboard feature.
</para>

<tip><para>When active, this lets your laptop turn on or wake from sleep when a key is pressed.</para></tip>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Wake on LAN (WOL)</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Toggle this checkbox to (de)activate the wake on LAN feature.
</para>

<tip><para>When active, this lets your laptop turn on or wake from sleep when a special network message is sent.</para></tip>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</section>

<section id="power-save" xreflabel="Power Save">
<title>Power Save</title>

<para>This tab lets you configure power save related features.
</para>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Battery Profile</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Select the current battery profile to use.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Battery Profile Settings</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Here you can fine tune the battery profile settings depending on the profile selected.
</para>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Cooling Method</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Select how the system fan will perform.
</para>

<note><para>Depending on the laptop model, there can be two or three fan modes available:
Maximum Performance, Performance and Battery Save.
</para>
</note>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>ODD Power Support</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Select whether the optical disc device is (de)activated.
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>Illumination</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Select whether the laptop's illumination led will be (de)activated (if available).
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><guilabel>SATA Interface Setting mode</guilabel></term>
<listitem>
<para>Select the SATA interface port(s) mode of operation, currently there are two modes:
Performance and Battery Optimized. 
</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</section>

</article>

<!--
Local Variables:
mode: xml
sgml-minimize-attributes:nil
sgml-general-insert-case:lower
sgml-indent-step:0
sgml-indent-data:nil
End:

vim:tabstop=2:shiftwidth=2:expandtab
kate: space-indent on; indent-width 2; tab-width 2; indent-mode none;
-->
